h2. Baby Chains

harper@nata2.org
"http://nata2.org":http://nata2.org
"@harper":http://twitter.com/harper

h3. Background   

My buddy dylan ("@detour1999":http://twitter.com/detour1999) and his lovely wife had a child. They took their sweet time naming it. They had awesome ideas - but I thought I would help out by creating a markov chain baby name generator.

Markov chains ALWAYS make things better. 

The code is from the internet. I don't know where it came from. It was part of a IRC bot that i have used for the past 3 years. 

h3. Information 

Basically this looks through a list of names, creates a model based on which letters are frequently near one another and outputs awesomeness. 

You can find more info here:
"Wikipedia: Markov Text Generators":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_chain#Markov_text_generators
 
Note: it is used by spammers. wouldn't it be awesome to have a kid named like a spam email!

h3. Plans

v.02 - uses the irc bot markov chain generator and the results are much better. 
v.01 - I want to make it so it doesn't have a hard stop at n chars. This is the initial version - so when i grep through my IRC bot source i should be able to release a better version. 

h3. Usage

python baby_chains.py <number of names>

bq. harper@harper-desktop:~/Desktop/Baby-Chains$ python baby_chains.py 
Loading names.lst into to brain.
Brain Reloaded
Outputting 30 generated names
Yud
Amale
Takaine
Tulawnsonneshai
Sani
Thani
Matreethara
Asena
Prisoko
Ajay
Rashmandan
Iairloriti
Por
Jace
Pelle
Raj
Hai
Cadita
Linda
Nai
Tretalton
Sharisa
Zardiesta
Sha
Her
Dhaitla
Mihan
Narissillin
Tapen
Chrid

------------
this is awesome. i am awesome. 

hit me up. 
"@harper":http://twitter.com/harper
harper@nata2.org
